
INOCULATIONS: THE TRUE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION

CAUSING VIDS (VACCINE INDUCED DISEASES)

(AN EPIDEMIC OF GENOCIDE)

by Rebecca Carley, M.D.

Court Qualified Expert in VIDS and Legal Abuse Syndrome

                               Amended June 23, 2008 (New additions in RED)

     “One basic truth can be used as a foundation for a mountain of lies, and if we dig down deep enough in the mountain of lies, and bring out that truth, to set it on top of the mountain of lies; the entire mountain of lies will crumble under the weight of that one truth.  And there is nothing more devastating to a structure of lies than the revelation of the truth upon which the structure of lies was built, because the shock waves of the revelation of the truth reverberate, and continue to reverberate throughout the Earth for generations to follow, awakening even those people who had no desire to be awakened to the truth.”  (by Delamar Duvaris as written in the preface of “Behold the Pale Horse” by William Cooper).

     The basic truth that served as the foundation for the mountain of lies known as vaccinations was the observation that mammals which recover from infection with microorganisms acquire natural immunity from further infections.  Whenever cytotoxic T cells (the little Pac man cells which devour and neutralize viruses, bacteria, and cancer cells, thus conferring cellular immunity and are also responsible for allograft rejection) and B cells (antibody producing cells which confer humoral immunity by circulating in the body’s fluids or “humors”, primarily serum or lymph) are activated by various substances foreign to the body called antigens, some of the T and B cells become memory cells.  Thus, the next time the individual meets up with that same antigen, the immune system can be quickly triggered to demolish it.  This is the process known as natural immunity.

     This truth gave birth to a beLIEf that if a foreign antigen was injected into an individual, that individual would then become immune to a future infection.  This beLIEf, (you see the lie in the middle), was given the name, “vaccinations”.  What the promoters of vaccination failed to realize is that secretory IgA (an antibody found predominately in saliva and secretions of the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract mucosa) is the initial normal antibody response to all airborne and ingested pathogens. IgA helps protect against viral infection, agglutinate bacteria, neutralize microbial toxins, and decrease attachment of pathogens to mucosal surfaces. What this author has realized is that bypassing this mucosal aspect of the immune system by directly injecting organisms into the body leads to a corruption in the immune system itself whereby IgA is transmuted into IgE, and/or the B cells are hyperactivated to produce pathologic amounts of self-attacking antibody as well as suppression of cytotoxic T cells (as explained shortly).  As a result, the pathogenic viruses or bacteria cannot be eliminated by the immune system and remain in the body, where they cause chronic disease and thus further grow and/or mutate as the individual is exposed to ever more antigens and toxins in the environment.  This is especially true with pathogens grouped under the term “stealth adapted”.  These are formed when vaccine viruses combine with viruses from tissues used to culture them, or when bacteria lose their cell walls when a person takes antibiotics and transform into “L forms”, leading to a lack of some critical antigens normally recognized by the cellular immune system. Another example is stealth adapted (mutated) cytomegaloviruses which arose from African green monkey (simian) kidney cells when they were used to culture polio virus for live polio virus vaccines.  Thus, not only was the vaccinee inoculated with polio, but with the cytomegalovirus as well.

     The mechanism by which the immune system is corrupted can best be realized when you understand that the two poles of the immune system (the cellular and humoral mechanisms) have a reciprocal relationship in that when the activity of one pole is increased, the other must decrease. Thus, when one is stimulated, the other is inhibited.  Since vaccines activate the B cells to secrete antibody, the cytotoxic (killer) T cells are subsequently suppressed.  (In fact, progressive vaccinia (following vaccination with smallpox) occurs in the presence of high titers of circulating antibody to the virus1 combined with suppressed cytotoxic T cells, leading to spreading of lesions all over the body).  This suppression of the cell mediated response is thus a key factor in the development of cancer and life threatening infections.  In fact, the “prevention” of a disease via vaccination is, in reality, an inability to expel organisms due to the suppression of the cell-mediated response.  Thus, rather than preventing disease, the disease is actually prevented from ever being resolved.  The organisms continue circulating through the body, adapting to the hostile environment by transforming into other organisms depending on acidity, toxicity and other changes to the internal terrain of the body as demonstrated by the works of Professor Antoine Béchamp.  He established this prior to the development of the “germ theory” of disease by Louis Pasteur.  Pasteur’s “germ theory” was a plagiarist’s attempt to reshape the truth from Béchamp into his own “original” premise – the beLIEf that germs are out to “attack” us, thereby causing dis-ease. Thus, treatment of infection with antibiotics as well as “prevention” of disease with vaccines are both just corrupted attempts at cutting off the branches of dis-ease, when the root of the cause is a toxic internal environment combined with nutritional deficiency.  However, since Pasteur’s germ theory was conducive to the profits of the burgeoning pharmaceutical cartels that only manage dis-ease, no mention of the work of Professor Béchamp is made in medical school curricula.

     To make matters worse than the suppression of cellular immunity which occurs when vaccines are injected, adjuvants (which are substances added to vaccines to enhance the antibody response) can actually lead to serious side effects themselves. Adjuvants include oil emulsions, mineral compounds (which may contain the toxic metal aluminum), bacterial products, liposomes (which allow delayed release of substances), and squalene.  The side effects of adjuvants themselves include hyperactivity of B cells leading to pathologic2 levels of antibody production,  as well as allergic reaction to the adjuvants themselves (as demonstrated in Gulf War I soldiers injected with vaccines containing the adjuvant squalene, to which antibodies were found in many soldiers). Note that the pathologically elevated hyperactivity of antibody production caused by adjuvants also results in a distraction from the other antigens that the immune system encounters “naturally”, which must be addressed to maintain health.

     This author realized years ago that inoculations caused the transformation of IgA into IgE; however, thanks to researcher Patrick Jordan finding the NATO Life Sciences book entitled “Immunological Adjuvants and Vaccines” (6), it has now been revealed that it is the aluminum which is put into vaccines as an adjuvant which causes production of IgE…the antibody of allergy and anaphylactic shock.  This shocking admission comes in this book after the statement on page 6 that aluminum “was introduced in 1926, before strict control by regulatory authorities was practiced; whether it would be allowed by regulatory authorities today is far from certain”. 

     On page 37 of this NATO book, it states that studies demonstrate that “aluminum causes stimulation of the production of anaphylactic antibody (IgE) in the mouse”, and that “the effect of aluminum on the IgE response in humans does not appear to have been investigated”.  This is just like the statement in the package insert of all vaccines (including the Gardasil vaccine which alleges it protects against cervical cancer) that “no studies have been done to evaluate for the potential to cause carcinogenicity or genotoxicity”.  However, these experiments are being carried out in children every time they are inoculated with disease…and the skyrocketing allergies, anaphylactic reactions and cancer make it self evident that the inoculations are behind it all.  Thanks to the book, I now have the evidence that IgE production is due to vaccines, as well as the fact that these mad scientists know exactly what they are doing.  If this is not evidence of crimes against humanity, what is?      

     Additionally, the overall hyperactivity of the humoral (antibody producing) pole of the immune system is, in this author’s opinion, the sole cause of all autoimmune diseases; where the auto-antibodies produced activate functioning T cells to then attack self; and both the activated B & T cells also produce cytokines (which further enhance inflammation and immunological involvement). The only thing which determines which autoimmune disease you develop is which tissues in your body are attacked by auto-antibodies3. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS FINDING HAS NOW BEEN CONFIRMED BY DR. JEFFREY BROWNING SENIOR DIRECTOR, DEPARTMENT OF IMMUNOBIOLOGY, BIOGEN-IDEC, IN HIS SCIENTIFIC PAPER ENTITLED “B CELLS MOVE TO CENTRE STAGE: NOVEL OPPORTUNITIES FOR AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE TREATMENT” PUBLISHED IN NATURE REVIEWS DRUG DISCOVERY 5, 564-576 (JULY 2006); AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET AT: http://www.nature.com/nrd/journal/v5/n7/full/nrd2085.html#a1 .

Although Dr. Browning’s research is intended to stimulate the pharma cartels to produce drugs to modulate B cell function in autoimmune disease; this document makes it SELF EVIDENT that the way to stop autoimmune disease from developing in the first place is to stop inoculating people and pets with disease, which is what causes the corruption of the immune system leading to autoimmune disease in the first place! Dr. Browning’s article discusses many of the following autoimmune diseases; in fact, he proves that even “neuropsychiatric disorders” can be produced by autoantibodies to N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors; thus explaining why even clients with “mental disease” respond to the Hippocrates protocol developed by Dr. Carley to detoxify vaccine viruses (and other toxins) using homeopathic nosodes!

     Thus, the autoimmune disease you develop is determined by which tissues in the body are attacked by auto antibodies. If the inside lining of the gastrointestinal tract (the mucosa) is attacked by auto-antibodies you develop leaky gut syndrome (which leads to food allergies when partially digested food particles are released into the bloodstream, are recognized as antigens foreign to the body, and elicit an antibody response against those food particles that becomes heightened every time that same food is eaten and released into the bloodstream partially digested again).  Crohn’s disease and colitis are also caused by auto-antibody attack on the mucosa of the GI tract itself.  If the islet (insulin producing) cells of the pancreas are attacked by auto-antibodies, you develop insulin dependent (juvenile) diabetes.  If the respiratory mucosa is attacked by auto-antibodies, you develop “leaky lung” syndrome where, just as with leaky gut, antigens recognized as foreign to the body which are inhaled are able to traverse the lining of the respiratory tract, causing the creation of antibodies against those antigens (usually dust, mold, pet or pollen antigens).  When these substances are inhaled again, IgE (the pathologic form of IgA created after corruption of the immune system due to inoculation rather than inhalation of disease) acts as a reagin4 and sensitizes mast and basophil cells, causing release of their histamine and slow reacting substance granules on contact with the allergen to produce constriction of the bronchioles leading to asthma. This process is also responsible for the immediate hypersensitivity reaction known as anaphylaxis, which is a potential side effect noted in the Physician’s Desk Reference for every vaccine; as well as the wheal and flare reaction of the skin known as hives. If the components of the articular surface of the joints are attacked by auto-antibodies, you develop rheumatoid (or juvenile) arthritis.  If the skin is compromised on a chronic basis, you develop “leaky skin” syndrome, where contact antigens which could not otherwise traverse the skin lead to skin allergies to contact antigens (a delayed hypersensitivity reaction where inflammation occurs due to release of soluble factors).  Additionally, depending on which level of the skin is attacked by auto-antibodies, (i.e., the epidermis or dermis), you develop eczema, psoriasis or scleroderma.  If the kidney tissue is attacked by auto-antibodies, you develop one of the many types of nephritis, depending on which component of renal tissue is attacked (for example, with  glomerulonephritis, the basement membrane of the glomerular apparatus within the kidney (which filters blood to form urine) is attacked by auto-antibodies, thus allowing protein to escape from the serum into the urine).  If you develop auto-antibodies against thyroid gland tissue, you develop Grave’s disease.  If you develop auto-antibodies against the tissue of the thymus gland (which is crucial in T cell production and function), you develop myasthenia gravis.  If you develop auto-antibodies against the very DNA in the nucleus of all cells, you develop systemic Lupus (thus, the autoimmune potential of DNA vaccines being developed now is self evident; worse yet, DNA components from these vaccines can be incorporated into your DNA, leading to actual genetic changes which could cause extinction of all (vaccinated) life on the Earth, as will be discussed shortly).  And on, and on, and on.

      The brain and spinal cord can also be attacked with auto-antibodies (which this author refers to as vaccine induced encephalitis), leading to a variety of neurological diseases.  The most severe of these, leading to death, are sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) and most cases of “shaken baby syndrome”.  If components of the myelin sheath (the insulating covering of nerve fibers which allows proper nerve conduction) or the actual neurofilaments themselves are attacked by auto-antibodies, the resultant condition is determined solely by the location of the damage done.  Such neurological conditions include but are not limited to minimal brain dysfunction, ADD/ADHD, learning disabilities, mental retardation, criminal behavior, the spectrum of pervasive developmental disorders (including autism), multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, Lou Gehrig’s disease, Guillen Barre’, seizure disorders, etc., etc. etc.  (Please note that other factors are also sometimes involved, such as: the spirochete which causes Lymes disease, aspartame and mercury in cases of MS; aspartame in seizures; or pesticides in cases of Parkinson’s).  Thus, when detoxing to reverse these diseases, these other substances must also be removed to obtain a full recovery.  However, the corruption of the immune system caused by the injection of vaccines is a key component in these disease states leading to immune malfunction, and is the reason why an autistic child may also have leaky gut or eczema, etc.  Note that myelin production, for the most part, does not begin until after birth. Most myelin is apparently laid down by age 5 years and usually completed by age 10 years, judging by the level of success at various ages in reversing autistic and other neurological VIDS symptoms that this author has observed in hundreds of children by detoxing the viruses with homeopathic nosodes5, and repairing the immune corruption by simultaneous administration of bovine colostrum (i.e., after 10 years of age, the ability to stop and repair auto-antibody induced damage in the myelin sheath and neurofilaments themselves is dramatically decreased).

      In summary, the hyperactivity of the humoral arm of the immune system in autoimmune disease is caused by adjuvants added just for that purpose.  However, the damage caused by the autoimmunity itself (i.e., antibody against self) has several mechanisms, including the following:

    The antigens present in the culture media itself cannot be completely filtered and separated from the organisms cultured thereon.  Thus, any antibodies formed against antigens from the culture cells themselves (for example myelin basic protein from chick embryos or the 13 vaccines which now contain aborted human fetal cells) can cross-react to form an autoimmune reaction against the myelin basic protein in your myelin sheath, etc. See the package insert from Pfizer’s Rabies vaccine from the “10th Edition of the Compendium of Veterinary Products” published in 2007 posted on www.drcarley.com, which states “tissue origin vaccines contain extraneous protein in addition to the [rabies] antigen that can lead to autoimmune disease”. THIS IS TRUE FOR ALL VACCINES, BUT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE SEEN IT ADMITTED BY ANY VACCINE MANUFACTURER.  
    Molecular mimicry is due to similarity of proteins contained in organisms and mammals.  (For example, the measles virus is made up of proteins similar to myelin basic protein; thus, antibodies formed against the measles virus antigens subsequently also cause an auto-antibody attack against myelin basic protein in the myelin sheath due to cross reactivity of these antibodies).
    Formation of immune complexes occur as antigens and antibodies interlock into clusters which can then become trapped in various tissues, especially the kidneys, lung, skin, joints, or blood vessels.  Once trapped, these complexes then set off an inflammatory reaction which lead to further tissue damage.
    Intentional inclusion of antigens in vaccines to cause formation of    antibodies that attack specific hormones or races.  It is this author’s hypothesis that the epidemic of vitiligo in people of color (hypo pigmentation of skin caused by auto-antibody attack on melanocytes7) is occurring due to intentional inclusion of melanin in vaccines given to people of color. Additionally, experiments done on women of childbearing age in the Philippines and probably other locations where HCG (human chorionic gonadotropin) placed into vaccines given these women resulted in antibodies against the HCG hormone, and subsequent spontaneous abortion thus occurred when the women became pregnant.  The NATO book “Immunological Adjuvants and Vaccines” also describes, in the chapter entitled “The Development and Preliminary Clinical Evaluation of an Antifertility vaccine” (6) how an antifertility vaccine has been developed incorporating HCG  in a vaccine with diphtheria toxoid; and that  the vaccine will soon be suitable for “large scale clinical use”.  The “task force” (which involves many agencies within the World Health Organization in this chapter’s references) “is in the process of developing other fertility regulating vaccines as well”.  Could the escalating problems with infertility in this country be due to women having been given this vaccine without their knowledge or consent?  

           Another heinous (and obviously genocidal) creation of the Anti-Hippocratics is the DNA vaccines now being developed.  These vaccines contain plasmids, which are closed rings of recombinant DNA that make their way into the nucleus of a cell and instruct the cell to synthesize encoded antigenic proteins8.  Thus, the very genetic makeup of the individual, plant or animal will be altered to produce a never ending supply of antigens to distract the immune system.  These genetic changes will remain as cell division occurs, and will be transmissible to offspring.  This is the TRUE “mark of the beast” , and could lead to extinction and/or modification (including behavioral) of any group inoculated.

           In addition to the above phenomena which lead to simultaneous depression of cellular immune function and hyperactivity of humoral immune function, vaccines also contain other toxic substances which can cause serious side effects themselves.  The following ingredients are actually listed on the CDC website with this introductory statement:  “Many things in today’s world, including food and medicines, have chemicals added to them to prevent the growth of germs and reduce spoilage.”  Translation:  you’re already toxic, so what’s the big deal with adding more poison? This author’s answer to that question is that any immunotoxin can end up being the “straw that breaks the immune system’s back” in that individual, leading to dis-ease.  This is where genetics is key; i.e., not that what disease you develop is actually caused by some “gene” in most cases; but rather that your genes determine the strength of your immune system (i.e., how many assaults your immune system can take before it reaches critical mass, and you develop a dis-ease).    

        Some additional ingredients in vaccines (as listed by the CDC on their website) include antibiotics, aluminum gels, formaldehyde, monosodium glutamate (MSG), egg protein, and sulfites.  Thus, we have antibiotics (which you could be allergic to);  aluminum (which when combined with dead neurons killed by mercury in vaccines as demonstrated in the video at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85tgwh3HpsM) results in the neurofibrillary tangles seen in Alzheimer’s disease); formaldehyde (a toxic carcinogenic substance used to preserve dead people); MSG ( a potent excitotoxin9 which, like aspartame, can cause seizures, brain tumors, etc.); egg protein (to which you could have a life threatening anaphylactic reaction); and sulfites (another toxin which we are advised not to consume much of orally, but in vaccines, it is injected directly into the body).  Is this not a veritable witch’s brew of chemicals, organisms, and animal parts?  What the CDC does NOT list is that 13 vaccines at present (and more are in the works) are actually cultured on aborted human fetal tissues (go to www.cogforlife.org for more info). THIS IS CANNIBALISM.     Note in this list that they also fail to mention the ethyl-mercury containing preservative thimerosol, which has been the only dangerous substance in vaccines to receive mainstream media attention (albeit most of that being disinformation) after the explosion in the rate of occurrence of autism in the last generation became self-evident proof  that vaccines are the causative factor.  For, although the scientists working for the medical mafia continue to use statistics to twist and spin their data to make us beLIEve that vaccines are not the cause, too many thousands of parents have watched their children enter the downward spiral into autism after their children received the vaccine which was the straw that broke the back of their child’s immune system. No matter what the “white coats” tell these parents, they know the truth!

       Mercury (also in dental amalgam fillings) is a highly toxic heavy metal, has been documented to cause cancer, and can be absorbed through the digestive track, skin, and respiratory track.  Mercury is 1,000 times more toxic than lead, and is second only to uranium as the most toxic metal.  If children receive all recommended vaccines, they will receive many times the “allowable safe limit” for mercury in the first two years of life (as if there is such a thing as a “safe” amount of a toxic poison).  Yet, even after Congressional hearings instigated by Congressman Dan Burton (whose own grandchild became autistic after receiving vaccines) resulted in the FDA requesting (not ordering) vaccine manufacturers to remove this toxic heavy metal from their products, mercury is still present in many vaccines.

      Although the symptoms of mercury poisoning have been described as identical to the symptoms of autism, it should be noted that most children who descend into the hellish state known as autism do so after the MMR vaccine.  The MMR vaccine is one of the few vaccines that do not contain mercury; in fact, it has NEVER contained mercury.  Thus, it is self-evident that the removal of mercury will not make vaccines “safe”.  (This is why the mercury is the only thing being addressed at all; because when the people reading this paper realize that the very mechanism by which vaccines corrupt the immune system means that NO vaccine is safe and effective; there will be an evolution of consciousness where the structure of lies telling us vaccines are safe and effective disintegrates.)   

    The good news is that these VIDS can be reversed using natural remedies (especially homeopathy) contained in the Hippocrates Protocol (www.drcarley.com).  This “surgical strike” detoxification approach which has the potential to reverse ALL of the aforementioned conditions under the VIDS umbrella as long as detoxification is started early enough will be the one truth put on top of the mountain of lies (that vaccines are safe and effective) that will cause the entire mountain of vaccine lies to crumble.  Thus, the vaccine-induced holocaust (where instead of people being put in concentration camps, the concentration camps are being put into the people) will finally be put to an end. In this author’s opinion, it will be the reversal of VIDS (especially autism) in children and reversal of Gulf War Syndrome in the vaccine damaged soldiers and vets which will stop this holocaust on humanity caused by vaccines, since the reversal of dis-ease subsequent to detoxification of the vaccines makes it self-evident that the vaccines caused the problem.

      Unfortunately, we can no longer pretend that this epidemic of VIDS is merely a “mistake” made by well intentioned, albeit misguided mad scientists.   Because it’s even worse than the above, folks…we are talking TREASON and CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, PETS, and even PLANTS, (which are also being genetically modified to create vaccines).  The evidence for this is as follows:

         As concern for population growth started to grow and the final plans to bring in the New World Order were put in place, this lie called vaccines was transformed into pure evil, as it was realized that such delivery systems could be used to intentionally cause disease, which is now being done under the US Code, Title 50, Chapter 32, § 1520 and 1524.  You can read it for yourself at your local library.

      This law has been in place since the 1960's, and it was last modified in April of 2000. The only stipulation made for experimentation on human subjects is that local civilian officials be notified 30 days before the experiment is started.  Section 1524 adds that the Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide support for vaccination programs through use of excess peacetime biological weapons (i.e., weapons of mass destruction).  In April 2000, § 1520 (a) was passed to put alleged restrictions on the use of human subjects for testing of chemical or biological agents after a caller on C Span mentioned this law in 1999, which revealed this treasonous law to a huge audience of listeners (including this author, who has been including it in lectures and written materials since that call came into “Washington Journal”).  However, the exceptions written to Title 50, chapter 32 under § 1520 subsection (b) in the 2000 law passed by our aiders and abettors of treason in Congress not only loophole back in a test carried out for "any peaceful purpose that is related to a medical, therapeutic, pharmaceutical, agricultural, industrial, or research activity"; but add that such biological and chemical warfare agents can now be also used for any law enforcement purpose, including "any purpose related to riot control”  (just in case those C Span listeners should actually get off the couch at the horror of what the traitors in Washington, D.C. are doing to God’s people).  Subsection (c) of this law now mandates that “informed consent” be required.  In reality, not a single vaccine has ever been tested for its long term side effects (including carcinogenic potential).  Additionally,  the intentional introduction into vaccines of stealth viruses, (including man-made viruses that cause cancer, mycoplasma and the HIV virus), antigens which target certain races, and silicon and/or DNA chips in the future makes it self evident that informed consent is impossible, as it would initiate impeachment proceedings and war crimes trials against every “public servant” involved in perpetrating these crimes against the American people, in violation of the Nuremberg Code (which was written after the end of WW II to prevent the barbaric experiments that occurred in the Nazi concentration camps) .  What most people don’t know is that the top level mad scientists from Nazi Germany were actually brought to the United States after the war through “Operation Paperclip”, and have been continuing their work to this day in places like Brookhaven labs, Cold Spring Harbor and Plum Island in this author’s backyard on Long Island.  In 1969 the U.S. military/CIA and Rockefeller directed National Academy of Sciences-National Research Council (NAS-NRC) announced that a research program to explore the feasibility of "creating a new infective microorganism. [HIV].which would be refractory to the immunological and therapeutic processes upon which we depend to maintain our relative freedom from infectious disease" could be completed at a total cost of $10 million.  Yes, this is what your tax dollars are going towards, folks.  But hang on to your hat, because it only gets worse.

            Dr. James R. Shannon, former director of the National Institute of Health reported in December, 2003 that “the only safe vaccine is one that is never used”.  However, the reverberating truth, “the shot heard round the world” which will lead to the evolution of consciousness necessary to stop the holocaust against humanity known as vaccinations, will be that not only are vaccinations not safe or effective, but that they are actually weapons of mass destruction being perpetrated upon humanity in the name of health, for the purpose of genocide and to bring in the New World Order.  Part 2 of the genocidal plan could drop anytime with activation of the Model State Health Emergency Powers Act whenever the next fabricated terrorist attack using biological agents occurs. The “bird flu” is apparently going to be used as an excuse to inoculate the masses soon, as predictions of a pandemic are being made by the media almost every day.  Little do people know that the 1918 Flu pandemic was actually caused by inoculations given to soldiers in WW 1, as reported on p. 28 of the book Vaccination the Silent Killer by Ida Honorof & E. McBean. 

      The Congressional traitors in Washington posing as public “servants” are doing all they can to pass “Codex” legislation which will make the natural remedies and supplements used in the Hippocrates Protocol developed by this author to reverse all dis-eases only available by prescription.  So, you didn’t hear about that on your local news station either?  Please go to the site of  John Hamill of the International Alliance for Health Freedom (who reversed his schizophrenia symptoms with these natural supplements and has dedicated his life to stopping Codex from passing) at www.iahf.com .

      Wake up, America-it's getting very late….it is time for the mountain of lies to crumble.  Please spread the world to everyone you know….we will make it happen!  The time to stop chopping at branches and get to the root of this evil is now! Traitors to America include William Atkinson, MD, MPH of the National Immunization Program at the CDC.  On December 9, 2004, Dr. Atkinson informed a NYS Department of Health minion that a child to whom this author had given a medical exemption from further inoculation “should be vaccinated unless he has an anaphylactic allergy to hepatitis B vaccine” as there is “no such syndrome [as VIDS]”.  Yet, in a document published by the CDC on May 4, 2000 (# 99-6194) entitled “Vaccine Information Statements; What You Need to Know”, on page 9 the following is printed under the heading “The Law (Recording Patient Information and Reporting Adverse Events):  42 U.S.C. § 300aa-25.  Recording and Reporting of Information, (b) Reporting (2) “A report under paragraph (1) respecting a vaccine shall include the time periods after the administration of such vaccine within which vaccine-related illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions the symptoms and manifestations of such illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions, or DEATHS occur, and the manufacturer and lot number of the vaccine.” Thus, while Dr. Atkinson informed this author on January 8, 2005 that “having a judge in the Bronx Family Court “qualify” you as an “expert witness” neither makes you an expert, nor proves the existence of so called “vaccine induced disease syndrome”; the CDC’s own documents refer to the federal mandate for such to be reported to the secretary.  Dr. Atkinson, who received a copy of the draft of this paper on 12/30/04, has not offered a single rebuttal to the mechanism whereby the mechanism of VIDS is explained in this paper. Ergo, this author hereby formally charges Dr. Atkinson and his co-conspirators in the CDC with the following counts, including but not limited to:

01.) False statements within a Government Agency, Title 18 USC § 35.1001.

02.) WAR CRIMES - crimes when death occurs, Title 18 USC § 34.

03.) Concealment, removal - Title 18 USC § 2071.

04.) Aiding and Abetting, Title 18 USC § 3.

05.) Obstruction of Justice, Title 18 USC § 1505 / USC § 2 (26).

06.) Defrauding America, Title 18, USC § 1101 (25).

      If the People lead, the “leaders” will follow.  SILENCE IS CONSENT.  If you do nothing, before long highly trained Special Operations commandos with state of the art weaponry will be used in the U.S. to “execute quarantine and certain health laws”, including the Model State Health Emergency Powers Act passed in all states where, following another domestically perpetrated biological scare (such as the anthrax mailings to the Congress), a solution in the form of a vaccine will be offered only to those who will accept the national ID chip being injected into them.  All others will be considered a danger and threat to society, hunted down, and imprisoned in concentration camps already built or be killed.  Americans will welcome this solution, and turn in their neighbors or friends in order to survive themselves.  If you are not part of the solution, therefore, you are part of the problem.  Please do all you can to make this happen.  It is now in your hands, People of the United States of America. 

   In conclusion, the 1920 book “Horrors of Vaccination Exposed and Illustrated; Petition to the President to Abolish Compulsory Vaccination in the Army and Navy” by Charles M. Higgins, was recently found by this author, and gives the best explanation as to why the compulsory blood assault known as “vaccination” is unconstitutional and unlawful. This book is now in the public domain and can be viewed and downloaded by clicking on the pdf file on www.drcarley.com.  Better yet, Dr. True Ott (a regular guest on “What’s Ailing America?”)  has had this book re-published.  I ask each of you to call his office at 866-989-9876 and order several copies.  Send this book to your legislators in every state, and demand they explain on what legal basis they are compelling children to undergo a blood assault to attend school, based on the constitutional arguments written by Mr. Higgins.  I am presently searching for an attorney of conscience to bring a lawsuit at the federal level to stop this insanity…before the Model State Health Emergency Powers Act is used on a mass scale to inoculate the public with the bird flu vaccine, which will cause the bird flu pandemic.

Respectfully submitted by Rebecca Carley, MD

www.drcarley.com  

[1] "IMMUNOLOGY" by Ronald D. Guttman, MD, Professor of Medicine, McGill University, et. al., (ISBN # 0-89501-009-7), 1983.

 [2] Pathologic = pertaining to or caused by disease

 [3] Auto antibodies = antibodies produced by the body that attacks its own tissues.

 [4] Reagin = antibody of a specialized immunoglobulin class (IgE) which attaches to tissue cells of the same species from which it is derived, and which interacts with its antigen to induce the release of histamine and other vasoactive amines.

 [5] A nosode is a homeopathically prepared remedy, made from a disease or a pathological product.  Nosodes are used in the same way as vaccines; they sensitize the body, prompting the immune system to react (and detox, or eliminate, the offending agent).  However, as they are extremely dilute and oral in application, they do not lead to the corruption of the immune system caused by inoculation with disease.

 [6] “:IMMUNOLOGICAL ADJUVANTS AND VACCINES” edited by Gregory Gregoriadis, Anthony C.  Allison and George Poste, NATO ASI Series, Series A:  Life Sciences Vol. 179, (ISBN 0-306-43386-9), 1989, Plenum Press, New York.

           (Human chorionic gonadotropin = the hormone produced when women first become pregnant)

 [7] Melanocytes = melanin producing cells in skin

 [8] "GENETIC VACCINES", Scientific American, July 1999, pgs 50-57 @ p. 52, which can be reviewed at http://sciamdigital.com/index.cfm?fa=Search.ViewSearchForItemResultList (if you pay the $7.95 fee).  Put “Genetic Vaccines” in the search engine.

[9] Excitotoxins are usually amino acids, such as glutamate and aspartate.  These special amino acids cause particular brain cells to become excessively excited, to the point they will quickly die. Excitotoxins can also cause a loss of brain synapses and connecting fibers.  Food-borne excitoxins include such additives as MSG and aspartame, both toxic substances approved for use in humans by the FDA (Fraudulent Drug Administration).

 [10] "color of law" = the appearance or semblance, without the substance, of legal right.  Misuse of power, possessed by virtue of state law and made possible only because wrongdoer is clothed with authority of state, is action taken under "color of state law".  Atkins v. Lanning, D.C.Okl., 415 F.Supp. 186, 188.

    Action taken by private individuals may be "under color of state law" for purposes of 42 U.S.C.A. § 1983 governing deprivation of civil rights when significant state involvement attaches to action.  Wagner v. Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, C.A.Tenn., 772 F.2d 227, 229.

  Acts "under color of any law" of a State include not only acts done by State officials within the bounds or limits of their lawful authority, but also acts done without and beyond the bounds of their lawful authority; provided that, in order for unlawful acts of an official to be done "under color of any law", the unlawful acts must be done while such official is purporting or pretending to act in the performance of his official duties; that is to say, the unlawful acts must consist in an abuse or misuse of power which is possessed by the official only because he is an official; and the unlawful acts must be of such a nature or character, and be committed under such circumstances, that they would not have occurred but for the fact that the person committing them was an official then and there exercising his official powers outside the bounds of lawful authority.  42 U.S.C.A. § 1983.

 (The above definitions are from Black's law dictionary, 6th edition, pgs. 265-266)

The author wishes to thank Mr. Chris Barr for his invaluable additions and editorial assistance in the writing of this document; and Meryl Dorey of the Australian Vaccination Network, Inc., whose additions for the publication of this paper in their magazine “Informed Choice” in Australia have also been invaluable.

This article may be freely posted, reproduced and distributed as long as it is printed in its entirety, unedited in any fashion.  If you do so, please notify Rebecca Carley, MD and forward all copies (electronic and printed) to drcarley@gmail.com.

RESPONSE OF REBECCA CARLEY, MD (COURT QUALIFIED EXPERT IN VACCINE INDUCED DISEASES) TO CDC'S PUBLIC HEALTH PROTECTION RESEARCH GUIDE 2006-2015
dated and submitted January 15, 2006
 

     The CDC claims that its Research Guide "will provide a comprehensive, long-range vision of national and global public health needs that CDC and its partners can address through research.  The Research Guide will help identify critical knowledge needed to achieve CDC's new health protection goals which are designed to maximize the health impact of programs, services, and emergency responses". In the media advisory asking for public comment it is claimed that "the wide-ranging Research Guide addresses topics of critical interest to the American public including finding new ways to combat infectious diseases such as pandemic influenza, and chronic diseases such as cancer and diabetes. It will be self evident from the documentation herein that the CDC and its partners are actually facilitating the creation of diseases and genocide; not the protection of public health, as this guide purports.
 
   The intentional creation of diseases is being done by 2 primary mechanisms:
 
1.  Genetic engineering of organisms  (especially viruses which cause cancer under the
      "Special Virus Cancer Project", as detailed below), as well as
2.  Inoculation of organisms via the practice touted as "vaccination". 
 
    The definition of these words makes the truth self evident.  As defined in Dorland's Medical Dictionary, 25th edition:
p. 1685 - "vaccinate" = to inject vaccine for the purpose of inducing immunity
p.  784 - "inoculate" = to communicate a disease by inserting its etiologic agent
 

    As stated in Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine , 6th edition, p. 943:  "RARELY IS PREVENTION OF INFECTION PER SE CONSIDERED TO BE AN IMPORTANT GOAL OF VACCINATION.  In fact, asymptomatic infection after vaccination can serve to enhance and prolong the immune response."  Of course, if the immune response has been overwhelmed or corrupted, the "asymptomatic infection" will become a CHRONIC DISEASE.  In fact, on the same page of Harrison's, in the following paragraph, it states the following: 
"PERSISTENCE AND LATENCY.  Many viruses persist in host tissues for months or years without causing overt disease.  A FLARE-UP OF THESE LATENT INFECTIONS MAY BE INDUCED BY TRAUMA, INTERCURRENT DISEASE, DECLINE IN ANTIBODY TITERS, OR UNKNOWN STIMULI.  Experiments with tissue cultures and laboratory animals reveal that persistence of virus in tissue results from an interplay of various factors peculiar to each virus and its host. LATENCY IS PROMOTED BY THE PRESENCE OF ANTIBODY OR OTHER VIRAL INHIBITORS THAT PREVENT EXTENSIVE CELL-TO-CELL SPREAD OF VIRUS.  IF ANTIBODY IS WITHDRAWN, VIRAL MULTIPLICATION OFTEN RESUMES, WITH CONCOMITANT CELLULAR NECROSIS." 
 

      In the same (6th) Edition of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine , it is stated on page 975 in regards to the poliomyelitis vaccine:  "Vaccine virus multiplies in the intestinal tract and remains at this site. LIVE VACCINE VIRUS SPREADS AND INFECTS CONTACTS OF VACCINATED INDIVIDUALS.  This type of immunization in the presence of epidemic poliomyelitis may lead to REPLACEMENT OF THE "WILD" PARALYTOGENIC STRAIN BY THE ONE IN THE VACCINE....."  In direct contradiction to this statement, the 1/1/2000 Vaccine Information statement put out by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention National Immunization Program states that the  "OPV (Oral Polio Vaccine) is better at keeping the disease from spreading to other
 people.   However, it does state in this document that "OPV actually causes polio". 
 

     The inoculation of organisms causes disease both by direct introduction of organisms (including viruses that cause cancer) into the bloodstream, as well as corruption of the immune system leading to autoimmune disease (was posted on the CDC's own website and then removed) OCSO - OPHR - CDC's Research Agenda - Starter List Comments , where Dr. Carley's paper "Inoculation the True Weapons of Mass Destruction causing an Epidemic of Genocide" was posted, and describes the mechanism whereby corruption of the immune system occurs).   In this paper (which Dr. William Atkinson of the CDC's immunization program has refused to respond to), it states that the hyperactivity of the humeral arm of the immune system in autoimmune disease is caused by adjuvants added just for that purpose.  However, the damage caused by the autoimmunity (i.e., antibody against self) has several mechanisms, including the following:

1.      The antigens present in the culture media itself cannot be completely filtered and separated from the organisms cultured thereon.  Thus, any antibodies formed against antigens from the culture cells themselves (for example myelin basic protein from chick embryos or the 13 vaccines which now contain aborted human fetal cells) can cross-react to form an autoimmune reaction against the myelin basic protein in your myelin sheath, etc. causing DEMYELINATION. 

2.       Molecular mimicry is due to similarity of proteins contained in organisms and mammals.  (For example, the measles virus is made up of proteins similar to myelin basic protein; thus, antibodies formed against the measles virus antigens subsequently also cause an auto-antibody attack against myelin basic protein in the myelin sheath due to cross reactivity of these antibodies) causing DEMYELINATION (leading to Autism, as proven below).

               In the aforementioned 6th edition of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine  on p.  1791, under the heading "Multiple Sclerosis and other DEMYELINATING Diseases", it states the following:  "A large and important group of neurologic disorders are termed the demyelinating diseases because they share the common pathologic feature of foci of degeneration, involving the myelin sheath of nerves.  These foci vary in size, shape, distribution, and rate of development in the different illnesses.  The axis cylinder often suffers damage, as does the myelin sheath, but the destruction of myelin is considered the primary change...syndromes can be clearly distinguished....(including) acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (including post infectious and POSTVACCINAL ENCEPHALOMYELITIS)...(P.  1798) - "the association of the neurologic disorder with vaccination or inoculation usually leaves the diagnosis in little doubt, and the characteristic combination of encephalitic and myelitic features will help to distinguish the condition from meningitis, viral encephalitis, and poliomyelitis". This self evident fact has been taken out of subsequent editions of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine , since as the vaccine schedule has dramatically increased over the years, the incidence of vaccine induced demyelination has correspondingly increased.  This is most evident in the case of autism, which has now risen to epidemic proportions in this country.  Yet, whereas there is almost no history of the disease in the families of these children in most cases, and the parents report the onset of symptoms after the child receives the MMR vaccine, the various arms of the medical establishment (including the CDC) conclude that this is just a "coincidence"; rather than that the association of the neurologic disorder (autism) with vaccination or inoculation usually leaves the diagnosis in little doubt.  The way that the true etiology of autism is hidden from doctors is by changing the name of the vaccine induced disease.  For example, SUB ACUTE SCLEROSING PAN ENCEPHALITIS (SSPE) has been changed to AUTISM, as is demonstrated in the 10th edition of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine  where, on page 2096, the following information about SSPE is included: 

              "...The disease affects boys 3 to 10 times as frequently as girls...Characteristically, they are entirely well until the disease begins.  The onset of usually insidious mental deterioration, often expressed by a decline in the patient's schoolwork, is the presenting symptom .  Incoordination, ataxia, and myoclonic jerks develop within a few months along with abnormalities of the pyramidal and extrapyramidal motor systems....Elevated levels of measles antibody are found in the serum and CSF....Measles virus is the etiologic agent....Staining of brain tissue from patients with the disease demonstrates measles virus antigen in the inclusions....A few reported cases have been related to measles vaccination."  Of course, the vaccine etiology has been deleted from the 16th edition of  Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine , although the age of onset has been changed to 2 years in that edition.

            What becomes SELF EVIDENT from these various editions of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine (the "Bible" by which all medical students learn about internal medicine) is that the source of almost all of the viruses that cause demyelinating diseases is actually VACCINES; and that the names of the diseases are changed to hide the true etiology.  Another example of this can be found on page 2104 of the 10th edition of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine, under the discussion of ACUTE NECROTIZING HEMORRHAGIC ENCEPHALOMYELITIS, which is described as a "tissue destructive disease of the central nervous system which occurs with explosive suddenness within a few days of an upper respiratory infection.  The pathologic findings are distinctive.  On sectioning the brain, much of the white matter of one or both hemispheres is seen to be destroyed almost to the point of liquefaction.  The involved tissue is pink or yellowish-gray and flecked with multiple small hemorrhages.  Sometimes similar changes are localized to the brainstem or spinal cord.  As in acute disseminated encephalomyelitis in showing perivenular foci of demyelination, all of like age.....The cerebrospinal fluid examination discloses a more intense reaction than in other demyelinating diseases....The etiology of this disease is not established; however, the entire clinical-pathologic entity bears a close resemblance to a hyper acute form of EAE which can be induced in animals by administration of endotoxin, PERTUSSIS VACCINE, or its histamine sensitizing factor coincident with or shortly after injection of myelin in adjuvant. What is self evident from this description is that this disease is actually SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome) or many of the cases of Shaken Baby Syndrome (the differentiation being whether the child has any evidence of trauma that the prosecutor can use to make a case for shaken baby and subsequently charge a parent with murder, as happened in the well-known case of Alan Yurko in Florida).  Thus, once again, the name of the disease has been changed to conceal the fact that the pertussis vaccine is the cause of SIDS and many cases of Shaken Baby Syndrome.  

             In fact, after reviewing these 3 editions (6th, 10th, and 16th) of  Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine I conclude that most of the viral and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system are, in fact, VIDS (Vaccine Induced Disease Syndromes).  A very revealing statement making this truth self evident can be found in the Scope publications published by the Upjohn company and given to medical students; in particular, the 1983 edition of "Virology" which, on page 46 states the following under "Viral Pathogenesis":  "Of a variety of possible portals of entry, the most common are inhalation, ingestion, direct contact with infected material, and direct injection by insect vectors".  I invite any CDC official, immunologist, pediatrician or vaccination promoter to explain to the public how the amount of virus injected by the stinger of a mosquito is more dangerous to the public than the amount of virus contained in the hypodermic needle of a white coat.    Additionally in this same edition of "Virology, on p. 47, the following is stated:  "If a young pig infected intranasally with pseudo-rabies virus is added to a colony of uninfected animals, 80% to 90% of the pigs will become infected....Generally, injecting virus into a host produces infection more efficiently and with less virus than exposing the host to an infected animal."  Once again,  I invite any CDC official, immunologist, pediatrician or vaccination promoter to explain to the public how the same principle does not apply in the case of viruses that are put in a bottle and named "vaccines" to be injected, or inhaled (as in the case of "Flumist").  

             In a document published by the CDC on May 4, 2000 (# 99-6194) entitled “Vaccine Information Statements; What You Need to Know”, on page 9 the following is printed under the heading “The Law (Recording Patient Information and Reporting Adverse Events):  42 U.S.C. § 300aa-25.  Recording and Reporting of Information, (b) Reporting (2) “A report under paragraph (1) respecting a vaccine shall include the time periods after the administration of such vaccine within which vaccine-related illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions the symptoms and manifestations of such illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions, or DEATHS occur, and the manufacturer and lot number of the vaccine.”   Thus, the CDC is promoting the development of even more vaccines, knowing full well the damage they are causing.  In fact, the evidence shows that the CDC is involved in creation of viruses that cause cancer.  As reported in Progress Report # 9 of the "Special Virus Cancer Program" (SVCP) run by the National Institutes of Health, the CDC, under grant VCL-42 (page 172 of progress report #9), the CDC investigator procured a total of 35 cell lines from leukemia and lymphoma cases (including 2 cases where the cancers were sexually transmitted to the spouse), and supplied these to several other investigators with the purpose of identifying a human tumor virus. This 396 page report identifies investigators in every major university, multiple pharmaceutical companies, veterinary colleges, zoos, and multiple federal agencies doing research to produce cancer causing viruses, testing factors to activate tumor formation in normal cells (including the use of latent viruses and activation of oncogenes),  studying cancer formation after inoculation and intranasal transmission of cancer causing viruses, etc.  This program also involved Merck and Dr. Maurice Hilleman, (touted as THE vaccinologist of the 20th century in his obituary in April 2005) whose project purported to investigate the development of vaccines to prevent cancers of viral etiology.  However, in 1962 Dr. Hilleman joked that the Russians would be no threat in the 1962 Olympics as they would be dragging with tumors caused by the SV 40 virus present in polio vaccines  (note that the SV40 virus is a DNA plasmid of rhesus monkey origin being studied in many of the projects of the SVCP).  The fact that, according to the Physician's Desk Reference, NO vaccine has ever been tested for its cancer causing potential is troubling enough.  However, when US Code, Title 50, Chapter 32, Section 1520 & 1524 are considered (which state the Department of Defense can experiment on any American without their consent with biological warfare agents, including by use of vaccines (in violation of the Nuremberg code), in combination with transcripts of July 1, 1969 hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives (p. 129), the genocidal intention of these traitors to America becomes self evident.  In these hearings (which evolved from directives issued by National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger just prior to issuing his most extensive depopulation report - National Security Memorandum 200), Dr. MacArthur states:  "Within the next 5 to 10 years, it would probably be possible to make a new infective microorganism which could differ in certain important aspects from any known disease-causing organisms.  Most important of these is that it might be refractory to the immunological and therapeutic processes upon which we depend to maintain our relative freedom from infectious disease".  These biological agents created were obviously HIV/Aids, and the evidence points to this agent being spread via the use of inoculations.  

                  Additionally, as reported in "Lab 257: The Disturbing Story of the Government's Secret Plum Island Germ Laboratory", on p. 219-221, author Michael Christopher Carroll states the following:  Dr. David Huxsoll, who served on three U.N. biological warfare inspection teams in Iraq, and who was appointed as Plum Island's director in June of 2000, stated:  "The plant that would produce biological agents for weapons purposes may not look too much different from the plant that produces biological agents for vaccine purposes....in the case of biological agents, you can disseminate them in an aerosol, and if you are good at this, you can spread them over a huge distance".  This book discusses Plum Island as the likely origin of Lymes Disease, which the CDC has identified as a potential bioterrorism agent.  THIS IS BUT ONE EXAMPLE OF THE BIOTERRORISM UPON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BY AGENCIES AND CONTRACTORS OF THE US GOVERNMENT.  
 
          CONCLUSION:  THE EMERGING VIRUSES AND OTHER BIOWARFARE AGENTS ARE EMERGING FROM GOVERNMENT FUNDED LABORATORIES; THE INTENTIONAL EXPOSURE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO THESE AGENTS VIA AEROSOLS (Chemtrails) AND INOCULATIONS CONSTITUTES GENOCIDE AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, AND TREASON BY ALL PUBLIC OFFICIALS WHO ARE AIDING AND ABETTING THIS CONSPIRACY.     

 

Besides population reduction, the financial motivation for these policies is crystal clear.   As reported by John Hoey, M.D.:
"The combined profits for the ten drug companies in the Fortune 500 ($35.9 billion) were more than the profits for all the other 490 businesses put together ($33.7 billion). Over the past two decades the pharmaceutical industry has moved very far from its original high purpose of discovering and producing useful new drugs. Now primarily a marketing machine to sell drugs of dubious benefit, this industry uses its wealth and power to co-opt every institution that might stand in its way, including the US Congress, the FDA, academic medical centers, and the medical profession itself."
  -- Dr. Marcia Angell, former editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine

   The crimes being committed by the CDC therefore include the following:
 
1.) False statements within a Government Agency, Title 18 USC § 35.1001.
 
2.) Crimes when death occurs, Title 18 USC § 34.
 
3.) Concealment, removal - Title 18 USC § 2071.
 
4.) Aiding and Abetting, Title 18 USC § 3.
 
5.) Obstruction of Justice, Title 18 USC § 1505 / USC § 2 (26).
 
6.) Defrauding America, Title 18, USC § 1101 (25).
 
     Ergo, this Research Guide is a FRAUD upon the American people, and the people of the world.
 
In Service to the TRUTH, I AM,
Rebecca Carley, MD
www.drcarley.com     
 




RABIES VACCINE INSERT ADMITS THE TISSUE IT IS CULTURED ON CAUSES AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE ...

MORE evidence the documents on my site are true in saying that inoculations cause corruption in the immune system leading to all autoimmune disease and cancer... (LOOK AT LAST SENTENCE UNDER SAFETY & EFFICACY BELOW...Of course this is true for all vaccines (not just rabies), whether the insert admits it or not....)

Please also listen to my archives interviewing veterinarian Dr Patricia Jordan on May 17 & 24, 2007 on www.bbsradio.com to learn what her research has proven as to how vaccines are killing pets, which are the canary in the coal mine for people....For example, she responds to a caller as to why there is a massive increase in dog bites in this country is because the rabies vaccine is making the dogs rabid!

Reference is "Compendium of Veterinary Products", Tenth Edition, Copyright 2007

Rabies Vaccine (produced by Pfizer)

Killed Virus

For use in dogs, cats, cattle and sheep only

Defensor© 3

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION: Defensor 3 is for vaccination of healthy dogs, cats, cattle, and sheep 3 months of age or older as an aid in preventing rabies. The vaccine is prepared from cell-cultire-grown, chemically inactivated rabies virus which originated from Louis Pasteur's original isolate in 1882. The inactivated virus is formulated with a highly purified adjuvant and is packaged in liquid form.

DISEASE DESCRIPTION: Rabies is a worldwide, high mortality disease affecting mammalian species. Wild animals are common vectors of the disease and the major source of transmission to humans and domestic animals. Despite successful attempts over the years to reduce the incidence of rabies, recent published reports indicate that in the U.S. more than 30,000 people undergo treatment for possible exposure. Domestic animals are the major source of exposure for humans. Since 1980, the most commonly reported rabid domestic animals have been cats, cattle and dogs. In 1990, a total of 4881 cases of animal rabies were reported to the Centers for Disease Control by all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. Susceptibility to rabies varies according to pet species. Rabies is not a treatable disease and suspect pets are usually quarantined until a clinical diagnosis is made, at which time they are destroyed.

The route of infection can be oral, respiratory, or parenteral. Following infection, a paralytic syndrome ensues, emerging as either the "furious" or "dumb" form. "Furious rabies" is characterized by unusual aggression; "dumb rabies" by lethargy and a desire to avoid contact. Respiratory failure is the immediate cause of death.

SAFETY AND EFFICACY: Because Defensor 3 is produced on an established cell line, it has safety advantages over inactivated brain-origin rabies vaccines. Tissue-origin vaccines contain extraneous protein in addition to rabies antigen that can lead to autoimmune disease.

The established cell line used in Defensor 3 has been extensively tested for freedom from contaminating agents. In addition, use of an established cell line yields a vaccine of consistent potency from serial to serial. Defensor 3 has proven to be uniformly safe in experimental tests, and no significant adverse reactions were reported in extensive clinical trials of the vaccine.

A duration-of-immunity study, conducted in accordance with federal regulation and under U/.S. Department of Agriculture directions, demonstrated that a 1-mL dose met federal guidelines for protection of dogs and cats against virulent challenge administered 3 years after vaccination. Cattle and sheep were likewise protected 1 year after receiving a 2-mL dose of Defensor 3.

DIRECTIONS:
Dogs and Cats:
1. General Directions: Shake well. Aseptically administer 1 mL subcutaneously. Dogs may be vaccinated intramuscularly or subcutaneously.
2. Primary Vaccination: Administer a single 1-mL dose at 3 months of age or older to healthy dogs and cats. A repeat dose should be administered 1 year later.
3. Revaccination: Subsequent revaccination every 3 years with a single dose is recommended.

Cattle and Sheep:
1. General Directions: Shake well. Aseptically administer 2 mL intramuscularly.
2. Primary Vaccination: Administer a single 2-mL dose at 3 months of age or older to healthy cattle and sheep. A repeat dose should be administered 1 year later.
3. Revaccination: Annual revaccination with a single dose is recommended.

PRECAUTIONS:
1. Store at 2 degrees - 7 degrees C. Prolonged exposure to higher temperatures may adversely affect potency. Do not freeze.
2. Use entire contents when first opened.
3. Sterilized syringes and needles should be used to administer this vaccine.
4. Do not vaccinate within 21 days of slaughter.
5. Contains gentamicin as preservative.
6. As with many vaccines, anaphylaxis may occur after use. Initial antidote of epinephrine is recommended and should be followed with appropriate supportive therapy.
7. This product has been shown to be efficacious in healthy animals. A protective immune respone may not be elicited if animals are incubating an infectious disease, are malnourished or parasitized, are stressed due to shipment or environmental coonditions, are otherwise immunocompromised, or the vaccine is not administered in accordance with label directions.

REFERENCES:
1. Kaplan MM, Korprowski H: Rabies, Austr Vet Pract 10:208-205, 1980
2. Uhaa IJ, Mandell EJ, Whiteway R, et al: Rabies surveillance in the United States during 1990, AM J Vet Med 200:920-929, 1992.

Technical inquiries should be directed to Pfizer Animal Health
Veterinary Services, (800) 366-5288 (USA), (800) 461-0917 (Canada)

For veterinary use only

U.S. Veterinary License No. 189

Pfizer Animal Health
Exton, PA 19341, USA
Div. of Pfizer Inc
NY, NY 10017

75-4996-03
	


Click image for larger version.

 

A Study of Patients Who Develop HIV Infection After Enrolling in HIV Vaccine Trials
or HIV Vaccine Preparedness Trials

http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00029913?term=HIV+vaccine&rank=7

This study is currently recruiting patients.
Sponsored by: 	National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID)
Information provided by: 	National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID)

Purpose
The purpose of this study is to find out more about how persons respond to HIV-1 infection if they have received an experimental HIV-1 vaccine before they became HIV-infected. It is important to study people who have been given experimental HIV vaccines and who later became HIV-infected for several reasons. First, if HIV infection is found and then cleared, it is important to note the relationship between the virus and the vaccine. This may give an understanding of the immunity. A second reason is to better understand the immune response in those who received a vaccine compared to those who received placebo (no vaccine). If the vaccine does not prevent HIV infection, it will be important to study the progression of the disease. Understanding the immune response in vaccinated patients after infection and the impact on symptoms and disease progression may give valuable information for future vaccine trials and the effectiveness of HIV vaccines.

 
American Medical Association
AMA Home > PolicyFinder
Results List 	 
	Search Tips
	About AMA Policy
	Download Policy Finder
	Principles of Medical Ethics
	AMA Strategic Plan and Vision
	AMA History
	
H-440.970 Religious Exemptions from Immunizations
 
Since religious/philosophic exemptions from immunizations endanger not only the health of the unvaccinated individual, but also the health of those in his or her group and the community at large, the AMA (1) encourages state medical associations to seek removal of such exemptions in statutes requiring mandatory immunizations; (2) encourages physicians and state and local medical associations to work with public health officials to inform religious groups and others who object to immunizations of the benefits of vaccinations and the risk to their own health and that of the general public if they refuse to accept them; and (3) encourages state and local medical associations to work with public health officials to develop contingency plans for controlling outbreaks in exempt populations and to intensify efforts to achieve high immunization rates in communities where groups having religious exemptions from immunizations reside. (CSA Rep. B, A-87; Reaffirmed: Sunset Report, I-97)

 

REBECCA CARLEY, M.D. TAKES ON THE CDC
TO FORCE RECOGNITION OF VIDS (VACCINE INDUCED DISEASES) AS A "MEDICAL SYNDROME"

Dr. Rebecca Carley has just been contacted by the parent of one of her patients who was reversed of vaccine injury some years ago by following Dr. Carley's Hippocrates Protocol and told that the new school the child is going to will not accept the medical exemption given to the child, and that the child must be injected with the Hepatitis B vaccine in order to stay in school. This school in Upstate NY (which will only receive federal funding if 90% of the children are inoculated with disease) contacted a NYS minion who contacted a CDC minion; the latter minion determining that "there is no such syndrome [as VIDS], and the child should be vaccinated unless [s]he has an anaphylactic allergy to hepatitis B vaccine" [which, of course, will not be known until the parent of the child plays Russian roulette with the child and allows the first Hepatitis B inoculation to be given]. As the child already developed VIDS after the inoculations given when she was younger, this protective Mom decided she did not want to play Russian roulette with her daughter's immune system, and contacted Dr. Carley to prevent activation of the SS (Social Services) and abduction of the child into foster care.


What the CDC minion does not realize is that Dr. Carley was qualified as an expert in VIDS (Vaccine Induced Disease Syndromes) by a NY Family Court judge last year (where her testimony prevented the state from abducting a 2 year old child from a mother whose child had sustained a laceration of her leg after falling on a broken glass which had just come out of the dishwasher). The homeopathically trained Mom in that case gave her child remedies against tetanus as a precaution (even though she knew tetanus would not be present on a glass which had just come out of a dishwasher), and brought the child to the local ER to have the laceration sutured. When asked if the child was "up to date" on her immunizations, the Mom told the truth, and said she did not inoculate her children with disease, and did not give consent for injection of the child with tetanus toxin, formaldehyde, ethyl mercury, dry "natural" latex rubber, aluminum potassium sulfate, ammonium sulfate and unspecified antigens from culture medium on which the Clostridium tetani are grown.

Although the wound healed beautifully (with concurrent use of colloidal silver and vitamins A, C and also zinc (which promote wound healing), this Mom's refusal to submit to the demands of the ER white coat was investigated by SS (Social "Services") minions, and Mom was deemed to have committed "medical neglect" on not only the 2 year old, but her other unvaccinated children as well. Thus, the State started proceeding to abduct all her children for placement into foster care and possible adoption.

One of this Mom's friends, whose child had been healed of autism by following Dr. Carley's Hippocrates protocol, referred this Mom to Dr. Carley for help after the hearings had been commenced. Dr. Carley appeared at the hearing on March 10, 2003 and the judge deemed that Dr. Carley's research on VIDS did (and still does, despite the "un-licensed" status of Dr. Carley) meet the legal criteria for valid science established in the US Supreme Court opinion for the purpose of admitting expert witness testimony issued in Daubert v. Merrel Dow Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 509 U.S. 579, 113 S. Ct. 2786, 125 L.Ed. 2d 469 (1993). Thus, Dr. Carley was qualified as an expert witness in VIDS; the case was dismissed against this Mom, and she and her children returned home, where they packed their bags immediately and left NYS. Unfortunately for all parents who have investigated and decided it would be insane to allow such an assault on their children, there is nowhere to hide, as this Gestapo tactic is being used against parents all over the United States.

Dr. Carley, whose only child was abducted from her due to her "continued persistence disorder" in helping these vaccine injured children, is now going to take on the CDC and prove that VIDS has been "legally" established as a valid syndrome by the aforementioned precedent setting case where Dr. Carley was deemed an expert in VIDS. If the CDC does not now establish that such a syndrome exists, they will be charged with racketeering and fraud under the Federal Rico standards, and their collusion and conspiracy with the Big Pharma vaccine manufacturers and the Department of "Health" to experiment on US citizens under Title 50, Chapter 32, Section 1520 & 1524 will be exposed. This case will bring down the mountain of lies on which the principle that "vaccines are safe and effective" was established.

 

 

 
Dr. Atkinson, Director of CDC's National Immunization Program, was sent the following notice charging him with crimes against humanity on 1/27/05 by e-mail to his e-mail addy at plasmid01@comcast.net by Dr. Carley:  
 
Dear Dr. Atkinson,
 
     Please be advised that I AM hereby charging you with crimes against humanity (for which you will soon be tried on the internet), as well as slander against myself for the LIES you told the students at your "CDC immunization contractor's conference" recently in Phoenix, Arizona...said lies including that "I AM delusional, psychotic, and I threatened your life".  Please be advised that the call one of your students made to report your actions to me will be played on www.highway2health.net tonight at 9 PM, as well as on www.againstthegrain.info at 11PM.  You are, as always, more than welcome to call in and defend your lies about me, your inability to come up with a single scientific rebuttal to the self evident mechanism causing VIDS in the paper I sent you, as well as the reason you stated that "there is no such thing as VIDS", when YOUR OWN CDC DOCUMENTS STATE THAT THERE IS, AS FOLLOWS:
 
In a document published by the CDC on May 4, 2000 (# 99-6194) entitled “Vaccine Information Statements; What You Need to Know”, on page 9 the following is printed under the heading “The Law (Recording Patient Information and Reporting Adverse Events):  42 U.S.C. § 300aa-25.  Recording and Reporting of Information, (b) Reporting (2) “A report under paragraph (1) respecting a vaccine shall include the time periods after the administration of such vaccine within which vaccine-related illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions the symptoms and manifestations of such illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions, or DEATHS occur, and the manufacturer and lot number of the vaccine.”
 
Please be advised that "Vaccine Induced Diseases" EQUALS "Vaccine related illnesses, disabilities, injuries, or conditions".  DOES IT NOT?  
 
The charges I hereby make against you for your crimes against humanity in the updated version of my paper (which all the students you directed to my website at www.drcarley.com can now read there) include the following:
 
01.) False statements within a Government Agency, Title 18 USC § 35.1001.

02.) WAR CRIMES - crimes when death occurs, Title 18 USC § 34.

03.) Concealment, removal - Title 18 USC § 2071.

04.) Aiding and Abetting, Title 18 USC § 3.

05.) Obstruction of Justice, Title 18 USC § 1505 / USC § 2 (26).

06.) Defrauding America, Title 18, USC § 1101 (25).

     Please be aware, Dr. Atkinson, that it will be THE PEOPLE, not I, who will determine your fate.  I will just be proscecuting your case.  Should you have anything to state in your defense, I will be happy to include it in the trial.  Be advised that there will be NO Masonic judges to exclude evidence, however.  I AM praying for you, Dr. Atkinson...for the extent of evil that you have caused by your actions has most assuredly sealed the fate of your very soul.

In Service to the TRUTH, I AM, Rebecca Carley, MD

Evidence of corruption, fraud, collusion and crimes against humanity committed by Dr. William Atkinson and other inoculation promoting minions at the CDC can be gleaned by going to the following website, where the Australian publication "Byronchild" exposes "how the most powerful medical research bodies in the United States compromise their vaccine safety research for vested interests, as they assist in a global vaccine policy, while a bill looms in the background to protect it all"...
http://www.kindredmedia.com.au/info/a_dragon_by_the_tail_/282/1

A Study of Patients Who Develop HIV Infection After Enrolling in HIV Vaccine Trials or HIV Vaccine Preparedness Trials

What's Ailing America?
 

 

 


 

THE HIPPOCRATIC OATH

I do solemnly swear by that which I hold most sacred:

That I will be loyal to the profession of medicine and just and generous to its member;

That I will lead my life and practice my art in uprightness and honor;

That whatever house I shall enter, it shall be for the good of the sick to the utmost of my power;

That I will hold myself aloof from wrong;

That I will exercise my art solely for the cure of my patients, and will give no drug and perform no operation for a criminal purpose;

That whatsoever I shall see or hear of the lives of men and women that should not be spoken, I will keep secret;

These I do promise, and in proportion as I am faithful to this my oath may happiness and good repute be ever mine.

      This is the Hippocratic Oath which Dr. Rebecca Carley raised her right hand and swore to on May 21, 1987, at Avery Fischer Hall of the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, where she was awarded the Samuel L. Kountz Award for Clinical Excellence in Surgery.

   
What Dr. Carley did not know at the time was that the adhesion contract that Dr. Carley signed when she obtained her license to "practice medicine" actually transformed the Hippocratic Oath into a Hippocritic Oath, turning this license in to a license to kill; as the Pharmaceutical Cartels develop drugs approved by their FDA under order of the Department of Defense in league with the Department of Health; and healing has thus become replaced by the creation and management of disease by those who took an oath to "first do no harm".

 

THE HIPPOCRITIC¹ OATH²

 

I swear under penalty of perjury to the Supreme Provider and to the National Practitioner Data Bank, and all other existing databases, to keep the following oath:

 

That I will be loyal to the profession of medicine by never healing anyone, but instead will give only allopathic band-aids that cover up symptoms;

 

That I will care for my patients only as deemed medically necessary by the patient’s insurance company, and that I will process his insurance the same as anyone else, as to waive his coinsurance would be the worst and most heinous health care fraud;

 

That if ordered by the Commander in Chief under the Model State Health Emergency Powers Act, I shall accompany police into the homes of God’s people, and inject them with any concoction the Commander (although practicing medicine without a license) shall order (even if I know that such contains microchips or viruses that have emerged from my Commander’s laboratories);

That should the State wish to confiscate my patient’s property; I shall declare it “contaminated”;

That I will prescribe a regimen for the good of my patients, not according to my ability and judgment, but by the prescribed clinical pathways using only drugs covered by the patient’s insurance;

That I will not admit a patient to the hospital without pre-certification of admission;

That I will not up code, and will keep the medical record free of any admissions of medical mistakes;

That I will hasten the patient’s demise should any complications develop, since patient’s family will recover smaller damages if the patient is dead than if the patient is maimed for life;

That I will act as an Agent of the State, administering biological warfare agents as per US Code, Title 50, Chapter 32, § 1520 and 1524; even though doing so without the patient’s consent is a violation of the Nuremberg Code;

That whatsoever I shall see or hear of the lives of men and women that should not be spoken, I will report to the State;

That whatever parent should decide not to inoculate their child with disease, I shall immediately report to the SS (Social Services) so that child can be immediately abducted from his home;

That whatever child in my care should be sexually assaulted, I shall not document if the State says that the perpetrator is “immune”;

That I shall not teach my patients about techniques of detoxification, since to do so would make them aware that all of the allopathic band-aids are toxic;

That should research paid for by the Medical-Military-Industrial complex not reveal the expected results, I will use statistics to twist the data; and should I discover my superiors are doing such, I shall hide such to protect the institution;

If I keep this oath faithfully, may I always have a Mercedes in my driveway; but if I swerve from it or violate it, may the appropriate authorities discipline me, have my privileges irrevocably extinguished for all eternity, or order psychiatric treatment (whatsoever is ordered by the Supreme Commander to prevent the death of medicine)

¹ “Hypocritical” - pretending to be what one is NOT

 

Questions Dr. Carley would ask the licensed medical doctor if she were you:

A. For cancer and other diseases caused by immunosuppression:

1. Does (cancer, AIDS, etc) occur when the T cells of the immune system stop working?

2. Is (Chemo, radiation, AZT, etc.) toxic to the immune system?

3. Do toxins both suppress the immune system, as well as cause mutation of normal cells into cancer cells?

4. Would the (cancer cells, HIV, etc.) be removed by the T cells if they were working?

5. Can you explain how putting more toxins in my system is better than taking the toxins out that caused the problem?

6. Do you know how to take toxins out, or just put them in?

B. For autoimmune diseases:

1. Does (autism, allergies, asthma, insulin dependent diabetes, arthritis, lupus, etc.) occur when the B cells of the immune system cause production of antibodies that then attack me?

2. Are (drugs, steroids, etc.) toxic to the immune system?

3. Do toxins (including those in inoculations), through molecular mimicry, fool the B cells into producing antibodies that attack normal cells? Do the adjutants in inoculations accelerate this reaction?

4. Would the (autism, allergies, asthma, insulin dependent diabetes, arthritis, lupus, etc.) be improved if the B cells were not hyper stimulated?

5. Can you explain how putting more toxins in my system is better than taking the toxins out that caused the problem?

6. Do you know how to take toxins out, or just put them in?

 The shot heard ‘round the world this time will be INOCULATIONS; THE TRUE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION.

 
WEB EXCLUSIVE
By Anne Underwood
Newsweek
Updated: 6:06 p.m. ET Oct. 7, 2005

Oct. 7, 2005 - Scientists have long puzzled over the exceptional lethality of the 1918 flu, which killed between 20 million and 50 million people worldwide. What features of the viral genome enabled it to become both highly transmissible and lethal at the same time? Some of those questions were answered this week, with the publication of twin papers in the journals Nature and Science. In Nature, Jeffery Taubenberger of the Pentagon's Armed Forces Institute of Pathology announced that he had completed sequencing the genome of the 1918 flu. At the same time, Terrence Tumpey, senior microbiologist at the Influenza Branch of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, reported in Science that he and his colleagues had used Taubenberger’s sequence to reconstruct the actual 1918 virus, a living copy of the germ that killed millions.
Fears that it could escape into the environment or be appropriated by bioterrorists made it a controversial move. But Tumpey says the risk was worth the trade off because of the information we stand to learn from the virus. What was particularly chilling about the last killer flu was that it appeared to come, with only minimal changes, from an avian virus--bringing a new urgency to the current flu sweeping Southeast Asia. Tumpey spoke with NEWSWEEK's Anne Underwood about his findings. Excerpts:

NEWSWEEK: What is the significance of these twin papers?
Terrence Tumpey: For the first time we have a truly avian pandemic influenza virus that we can study. Not only did we want to rescue the virus, but also characterize some of the important viral proteins that made it so exceptionally virulent.

And we know for sure now that this was a purely avian virus, not a hybrid. Was it really changes of just 25-30 amino acids out of 4,400 in the viral RNA that transformed the virus into a killer?
That’s Jeff Taubenberger’s work, but it appears that way. The dogma until [the current bird flu struck in] 1997 was that pandemics were caused by shuffling of genes between avian and mammalian viruses. But both the current bird flu outbreak and the 1918 virus appear not to be a human/avian reassortant virus, but an avian virus that made minimal changes to infect humans directly.  Thankfully, bird flu virus hasn’t figured out how to spread yet. The 1918 virus did.

Does this confirm our worst fears about current bird flu?
It’s hard to know whether or not the current flu will emerge into the human population and spread efficiently. But it’s a good guess that with enough time, it will figure out how to transmit human to human. If so, it will fit the three criteria of a pandemic: a novel subtype, a subtype to which the population has no immunity and high transmissibility.

Why was it important to create a living virus from the sequence?
There is little information in the sequence itself that tells us why it would be so deadly. We see from the sequence that it is avianlike, but there are not any obvious molecular smoking-gun features that we can point to and say, "That is the reason why it killed so many people." Reconstructing the virus helps us do that and identify targets for vaccines and antiviral drugs. The knowledge we’re gaining to protect public health far outweighs the hypothetical risk of working with this strain or providing the information to the public......

 

THE 1918 INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC WAS A VACCINE-CAUSED DISEASE
E. McBean (Vaccination The Silent Killer p28)

Very few people realize that the worst epidemic ever to hit America, the
Spanish Influenza of 1918 was the after effect of the massive nation-wide
vaccine campaign. The doctors told the people that the disease was caused
by germs. Viruses were not known at that time or they would have been
blamed. Germs. bacteria and viruses, along with bacilli and a few other
invisible organisms are the scapegoats which the doctors like to blame for
the things they do not understand. If the doctor makes a wrong diagnosis
and treatment, and kills the patient, he can always blame it on the germs,
and say the patient didnt get an early diagnosis and come to him in time.

If we check back in history to that 1918 flu period, we will see that it
suddenly struck just after the end of World War I when our soldiers were
returning home from overseas. That was the first war in which all the known
vaccines were forced on all the servicemen. This mish-mash of poison drugs
and putrid protein of which the vaccines were composed, caused such
widespread disease and death among the soldiers that it was the common talk
of the day, that more of our men were being killed by medical shots than by
enemy shots from guns. Thousands were invalided home or to military
hospitals, as hopeless wrecks, before they ever saw a day of battle. The
death and disease rate among the vaccinated soldiers was four times higher
than among the unvaccinated civilians. But this did not stop the vaccine
promoters. Vaccine has always been big business, and so it was continued
doggedly.

It was a shorter war than the vaccine-makers had planned on, only about a
year for us, so the vaccine promoters had a lot of unused, spoiling
vaccines left over which they wanted to sell at a good profit. So they did
what they usually do, they called a meeting behind closed doors, and
plotted the whole sordid program, a nationwide (worldwide) vaccination
drive using all their vaccines, and telling the people that the soldiers
were coming home with many dread diseases contracted in foreign countries
and that it was the patriotic duty of every man, woman and child to get
"protected" by rushing down to the vaccination centers and having all the
shots.

Most people believe their doctors and government officials, and do what
they say. The result was, that almost the entire population submitted to
the shots without question, and it was only a matter of hours until people
began dropping dead in agony, while many others collapsed with a disease of
such virulence that no one had ever seen anything like it before. They had
all the characteristics of the diseases they had been vaccinated against,
the high fever, chills, pain, cramps, diarrhea, etc. of typhoid, and the
pneumonia like lung and throat congestion of diphtheria and the vomiting,
headache, weakness and misery of hepatitis from the jungle fever shots, and
the outbreak of sores on the skin from the smallpox shots, along with
paralysis from all the shots, etc.

The doctors were baffled, and claimed they didnt know what caused the
strange and deadly disease, and they certainly had no cure. They should
have known the underlying cause was the vaccinations, because the same
thing happened to the soldiers after they had their shots at camp. The
typhoid fever shots caused a worse form of the disease which they called
para-typhoid. Then they tried to suppress the symptoms of that one with a
stronger vaccine which caused a still more serious disease which killed and
disabled a great many men. The combination of all the poison vaccines
fermenting together in the body, caused such violent reactions that they
could not cope with the situation. Disaster ran rampant in the camps. Some
of the military hospitals were filled with nothing but paralyzed soldiers,
and they were called war casualties, even before they left American soil. I
talked to some of the survivors of that vaccine onslaught when they
returned home after the war, and they told of the horrors, not of the war
itself, and battles, but of the sickness at camp.

The doctors didnt want this massive vaccine disease to reflect on them, so
they, agreed among themselves to call it Spanish Influenza. Spain was a far
away place and some of the soldiers had been there, so the idea of calling
it Spanish Influenza seemed to be a good way to lay the blame on someone
else. The Spanish resented having us name the world scourge on them. They
knew the flu didnt originate in their country.

20,000,000 died of that flu epidemic, worldwide, and it seemed to be almost
universal or as far away as the vaccinations reached. Greece and a few
other countries which did not accept the vaccines were the only ones which
were not hit by the flu. Doesnt that prove something?

At home (in the U.S.) the situation was the same; the only ones who escaped
the influenza were those who had refused the vaccinations. My family and 1
were among the few who persisted in refusing the high pressure sales
propaganda ,and none of us had the flu not even a sniffle, in spite of
the fact that it was all around us, and in the bitter cold of winter.
Everyone seemed to have it. The whole town was down sick and dying. The
hospitals were closed because the doctors and nurses were down with the
flu. Everything was closed, schools, businesses, post office everything.
No one was on the streets. It was like a ghost town. There were no doctors
to care for the sick, so my parents went from house to house doing what
they could to help the stricken in any way they could. They spent all day
and part of the night for weeks, in the sick rooms, and came home only to
eat and sleep. If germs or viruses, bacteria, or any other little organisms
were the cause of that disease, they had plenty of opportunity to latch
onto my parents and "lay them low" with the disease which had prostrated
the world. But germs were not the cause of that or any other disease, so
they didnt "catch" it. I have talked to a few other people since that
time, who said they escaped the 1918 flu, so I asked if they had the shots,
and in every case, they said they had never believed in shots and had never
had any of them. Common sense tells us that all those toxic vaccines all
mixed up together in people, could not help but cause extreme
body-poisoning and poisoning of some kind or another is usually the
cause of disease.

Whenever a person coughs or sneezes, most people cringe, thinking that the
germs are being spread around in the au and will attack people. There is no
need to fear those germs any more, because that is not the way colds are
developed. Germs cant live apart from the cells (host) and cant do harm
anyway, even if they wanted to. They have no teeth to bite anyone, no
poison pouches like snakes, mosquitoes or bees, and do not multiply, except
in decomposed substances, so they are helpless to harm. As stated before,
their purpose is useful, not destructive.

The 1918 flu was the most devastating disease we ever had, and it brought
forth all the medical bag of tricks to quell it, but those added drugs, all
of which are poisons, only intensified the over-poisoned condition of the
people, so the treatments actually killed more than the vaccines did.

Bird Flu Update from Dr. Carley:
Bird flu vaccine promising in early test Final results
expected by end of 2007, drug company says
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15128657/

thus,
In outbreak drill, CDC readies for the 'Big One'
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/16932209/

1918 flu gives clues to stopping next pandemic
Two small tweaks keeps virus from spreading, researchers say
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/16925672/

(and now that they have figured out what keeps the virus from spreading...)

Experts bet $100 on odds of bird-flu outbreak
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/17388954/

after
U.S. orders $200 million in bird flu vaccine
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15816828/

End to bird flu is years away, WHO official says
Threat of human pandemic persists as long as virus infecting birds
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/16751876/

As the inoculation of the birds continues...

"One flu over the Cuckoo's nest"

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=GxpCz10TRGU

"Bird Flu Hoax" by Dr True Ott

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLT0_xMeLjI

Dr Ott also did a show with me about the bird flu, archives are free, go to

http://www.republicbroadcasting.org/index.php?cmd=archives.month&ProgramID=54&year=8&month=9&backURL=index.php%253Fcmd%253Darchives.getyear%2526ProgramID%253D54%26year%3D8%26backURL%3Dindex.php%253Fcmd%253Darchives,
check out the 9/27/08 show....as well as:

http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20081011/ap_on_re_as/as_bird_flu_biological_warfare;_ylt=An9WoLAijbbjeNwhYV6N98Ws0NUE 
 US controls bird flu vaccines over bioweapon fears

By ROBIN McDOWELL, Associated Press Writer Sat Oct 11, 7:14 AM ET

When Indonesia's health minister stopped sending bird flu viruses to a research laboratory in the U.S. for fear Washington could use them to make biological weapons, Defense Secretary Robert Gates laughed and called it "the nuttiest thing" he'd ever heard.

Yet deep inside an 86-page supplement to United States export regulations is a single sentence that bars U.S. exports of vaccines for avian bird flu and dozens of other viruses to five countries designated "state sponsors of terrorism."

The reason: Fear that they will be used for biological warfare.

Under this little-known policy, North Korea, Iran, Cuba, Syria and Sudan may not get the vaccines unless they apply for special export licenses, which would be given or refused according to the discretion and timing of the U.S. Three of those nations — Iran, Cuba and Sudan — also are subject to a ban on all human pandemic influenza vaccines as part of a general U.S. embargo.

The regulations, which cover vaccines for everything from Dengue fever to the Ebola virus, have raised concern within the medical and scientific communities. Although they were quietly put in place more than a decade ago, they could now be more relevant because of recent concerns about bird flu. Officials from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said they were not even aware of the policies until contacted by The Associated Press last month and privately expressed alarm.

They make "no scientific sense," said Peter Palese, chairman of the microbiology department at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York. He said the bird flu vaccine, for example, can be used to contain outbreaks in poultry before they mutate to a form spread more easily between people.

"The more vaccines out there, the better," he said. "It's a matter of protecting ourselves, really, so the bird flu virus doesn't take hold in these countries and spread."

U.S. Commerce Assistant Secretary Christopher Wall declined to elaborate on the precise threat posed by vaccines for chickens infected with avian influenza, except to say there are "valid security concerns" that they "do not fall into the wrong hands."

"Legitimate public health and scientific research is not adversely affected by these controls," he said.

But some experts say the idea of using vaccines for bioweapons is far-fetched, and that in a health emergency, it is unclear how quickly authorities could cut through the current red tape to get the vaccines distributed.

Under normal circumstances it would take at least six weeks to approve export licenses for any vaccine on the list, said Thomas Monath, who formerly headed a CIA advisory group on ways to counter biological attacks. All such decisions would follow negotiations at a "very high level" of government.

That could make it harder to contain an outbreak of bird flu among chickens in, say, North Korea, which is in the region hardest hit by the virus. Sudan and Iran already have recorded cases of the virus in poultry and Syria is surrounded by affected countries. Cuba, like all nations, is vulnerable because the disease is delivered by migratory birds.

Kumanan Wilson, whose research at the University of Toronto focuses on policymaking in areas of health protection, said it would be ironic if the bird flu virus morphed into a more dangerous form in one of those countries.

"That would pose a much graver threat to the public than the theoretical risk that the vaccine could be used for biological warfare," he said.

The danger of biological warfare use depends on the specific virus or bacteria. But most experts agree that bird flu vaccines cannot be genetically altered to create weapons because they contain an inactivated virus that cannot be resuscitated.

It's also unlikely they would be used to create a resistant strain of the virus as part of efforts to wreak havoc within global poultry stocks. If enemy states wanted to do that, they could make their own vaccines or turn to a less hostile country like China, said Ian Ramshaw, an expert on vaccine immunology and biosecurity at The Australian National University in Canberra.

"I can think of no scientific reason how a terrorist organization could use such a vaccine for malicious intent," he said. "I personally think it's a rather silly attitude and the U.S. is probably going overboard as it has in the past with many of its bioterrorism initiatives."

Meanwhile, bioethicists say limiting vaccines could also raise moral questions of whether some countries should be denied because of decisions based on foreign policy. They said the export controls appear inconsistent, as Libya, Iraq and two dozen other countries suspected by the U.S. of having biological weapons programs do not face restrictions on the export of poultry vaccines.

"If there really is a serious threat, to be consistent we'd have to more heavily regulate who has access to the vaccine," said Michael Selgelid, who co-authored the book "Ethical and Philosophical Consideration of the Dual Use Dilemma in the Biological Sciences."

"There are malevolent actors in the U.S. just like there might be in all these other countries," he said.

The policies were initially put in place amid biosecurity fears in the mid-1990s and then bolstered after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks and subsequent anthrax letter mailings. The vaccines are among a long list of other items barred to rogue states over fears they could be used to make weapons of mass destruction, from technology and chemicals to dangerous pathogens.

Bird flu has killed more than 240 people across the world since 2003, nearly half of them in Indonesia.

Indonesia's health minister Siti Fadilah Supari first drew widespread attention when she boycotted the World Health Organization's 50-year-old virus sharing system last year, saying pharmaceutical companies were using viruses from developing nations without their knowledge to make expensive vaccines. She has since called for the creation of a global stockpile of drugs or other forms of benefit-sharing.

____

Associated Press researcher Judith Ausuebel contributed to this report from New York.

JUST SAY NO TO THE FLU VACCINE, PEOPLE!  It IS biological warfare against the people, as is the new malaria vaccine coming out.  VACCINE INDUCED DISEASES IS THE BIGGEST EPIDEMIC THE WORLD HAS EVER KNOWN...

NEWS FLASH!
Dr.* Rogers sues state of ** Texas** over vaccines causing disease in pets!
It is time for the same to be done to the pediatricians causing autoimmune
disease and cancer by inoculations with disease......
*

Critter Fixer Pet Hospital
Bob Rogers, DVM
5703 Louetta Spring, Texas 77379
281-370-3262

April 17, 2002

Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
Box 12548
Austin, Texas 78711-2548

Dear Sirs,
I hereby file a complaint against all licensed Veterinarians engaged
in companion animal practice in the State of Texas for violation of
the Rules of Professional Conduct, rule 573.26 which states: Licensed
veterinarians shall conduct their practice with honesty, integrity,
and fair dealing to clients in time and services rendered, and in the
amount charged for services, facilities, appliances and drugs.

I assert that the present practice of marketing of vaccinations for
companion animals constitutes fraud by misrepresentation, fraud by
silence, theft by deception, and undue influence by all Veterinarians
engaged in companion animal practice in this state.

Recommending, administering, and charging for Canine Corona
vaccinations for adult dogs is fraud by misrepresentation, fraud by
silence, theft by deception, and undue influence given the literature
that states:

1. Dogs over eight weeks of age are not susceptible to canine corona
virus disease. Disease produced by canine corona virus has never been
demonstrated in adult dogs. Dogs over eight weeks of age that are
immunized against canine parvovirus will not develop symptoms of
canine corona virus disease. Addition of an unnecessary antigen to
the vaccination protocol will result in a lesser immunity to the important
diseases like parvovirus and distemper, and increase the risk of adverse reactions.

2. Immunologists doubt that Canine corona virus vaccine works, as it
would require secretory mucosal IgA antibodies to protect against
corona virus and a parenteral vaccine does not accomplish this very
well. Twenty-two Schools of Veterinary Medicine including Texas A&M
University do not recommend canine corona virus vaccine.

3. Gastroenterologists at Schools of Veterinary Medicine including Dr
Michael Willard at Texas A&M University have stated that they have
only seen one case of corona virus disease in a dog in ten years.
On several occasions large numbers of dogs have died from adverse
reactions to corona virus vaccine.

A reasonable client would not elect corona virus vaccination for an
adult dog if presented this information.

Recommending, administering, and charging for re-administration of
modified live vaccines like Canine Distemper, Canine Parvovirus,
Feline Panleukopenia, injectable Feline Rhinotracheitis, and
injectable Feline Calicivirus on an semi-annual, annual, bi-annual or
tri-annual basis is theft by deception, fraud by misrepresentation,
misrepresentation by silence, and undue influence given the
literature that states:

1. The USDA Center for Biologic and Therapeutic Agents asserts
that there is no scientific data to support label claims for annual
re-administration of modified live vaccines, and label claims must be
backed by scientific data.

2. It is the consensus of immunologist that a modified live
virus vaccine must replicate in order to stimulate the immune system,
and antibodies from a previous vaccination will block the replication
of the new vaccinate virus. The immune status of the patient is not
enhanced in any way. There is no benefit to the patient. The client
is paying for something with insignificant or no effect, except that
the patient is being exposed to unnecessary risk of an adverse
reaction.

3. A temporal association has been demonstrated between
vaccinations and the development of Immune Mediated Hemolytic Anemia.

4. It has been demonstrated that the duration of immunity for
Canine Distemper virus is 7 years by challenge, and 15 years by
serology; for Canine Parvovirus is 7 years by challenge, for Feline
Panleukopenia, Rhinotracheitis, and Feline Calicivirus is 7.5 years
by challenge.

A reasonable client would not elect re-administration of any
of the above stated vaccinations for a previously immunized pet if
provided with the above information.

The recommendation for administration of Leptospirosis vaccination in
Texas is theft by deception, fraud by misrepresentation,
misrepresentation by silence and undue influence given the fact that:

1. Although Leptospirosis is re-emerging as an endemic disease
for dogs in some areas of the country, Leptospirosis in dogs in Texas
is a very rare disease. According to the Texas Veterinary Medical
Diagnostic Lab there are only an average of twelve cases of
Leptospirosis documented in dogs in Texas per year. Factors to
identify those dogs that are at risk have not been identified. Given
that there are over 6 million dogs in Texas, the risk of
leptospirosis disease to a dog is less than 2 in a million.

2. The commonly used vaccine only contains serovars Lepto.
canicola, and Lepto icterohaemorrhagiae, and no cross protection is
provided against the other three serovars diagnosed in Texas . Newer
vaccines containing Lepto pomona , and Lepto grippotyphosa are
available but the duration of immunity is less than one year. To
provide protection for a dog against Leptospirosis would require two
vaccines with four serovars twice per year.

3. Although humans can develop Leptospirosis, the spread of
Lepto. from a dog to a human has never been documented and is thought
to be a very low risk.

Given that the risk of an adverse reaction, a reasonable client would
not elect Vaccination of their pet if provided with the above
information.

The recommendation of Lyme disease vaccine for dogs residing in Texas
is fraud by misrepresentation, misrepresentation by silence and undue
influence given the literature that states:

1. The Texas Department of Health only reports an average of 70
cases of Human Lyme disease per year in Texas, all of which were
likely acquired when people were traveling out of the state.

2. Julie Rawlings reported in her research on the incidence of
the lyme disease organism in ticks in Texas State Parks for the Texas
Department of Health that the Borrelia burgdorferi organism is not
present in sufficient numbers or in the suitable tick vector for dogs
for Lyme disease to be endemic in Texas.

3. Eighty per cent of Lyme disease cases in the U.S. are found
in the nine New England States and Wisconsin.

4. Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine has not documented
one case of Lyme disease in a dog acquired in Texas . Testing on
shelter dogs has not revealed a single case.

5. Dr Jacobson, Cornell University has documented a temporal
relationship in over 327 cases of dogs, which acquired polyarthritis
after the Lyme disease vaccine.

A reasonable client would not elect Lyme disease vaccine for
their pet if given this information on the risks vs the benefit.

The recommendation for vaccination of cats with an adjuvanted
vaccine without offering a safer alternative vaccine is fraud by
misrepresentation, misrepresentation by silence, and undue influence
given the literature that states:
1. Adjuvanted vaccines have been incriminated as a cause of
Injection Site Fibrosarcoma in cats.

2. 1:1000 cats vaccinated develop this type of cancer, which is
100% fatal.

3. Safer alternative non-adjuvanted vaccines are available.

A reasonable client would not elect adjuvanted vaccines for
their cat if given this information.

The recommendation for vaccination of cats with Feline Infectious
Peritonitis vaccine is fraud by misrepresentation, misrepresentation
by silence, and undue influence given the literature that states:

1. Feline Infectious peritonitis is a rare disease.

2. Eight percent of adult cats carry the normal flora avirulent
Feline Corona Virus. On rare occasions this Corona Virus mutates to
become a virulent feline Infectious Peritonitis Virus. Every mutation
is a different variant and there is no cross protection. This vaccine
does not and cannot work.

3. Independent studies have not confirmed the manufacturers
claims for efficacy.

4. Twenty- two Schools of Veterinary Medicine and the American
Association of Feline Practitioners does not recommend this vaccine.

A reasonable client would not elect this vaccine if given
this information.

The recommendation of annual Feline Leukemia Vaccine for adult cats,
and cats that are not at risk is theft by deception, fraud by
misrepresentation, misrepresentation by silence, and undue influence
given the literature that states:

1. Cats over one year of age, if not previously infected, are
immune to Feline Leukemia virus infection whether they are vaccinated
or not.

2. Adjuvanted Feline leukemia vaccine can cause Injection Site
Fibrosarcomas, a fatal type of cancer. This type of cancer is though
to occur in 1:10,000 cats vaccinated.

3. Only cats less than one year of age and at risk cats should
be vaccinated against Feline Leukemia virus.

A reasonable client would not elect this vaccine for their
cat if given this information.

The recommendation of annual rabies vaccination for dogs and cats with
three- year duration of immunity vaccine is theft by deception, fraud
by misrepresentation, misrepresentation by silence, and undue
influence given that:

1. The vaccines has been licensed by the USDA and proven to have
duration of immunity of three years by the USDA and seven years by
serology by Dr Ron Schultz, therefore annual re-administration the
client is paying for something with no benefit.

2. Beyond the second vaccination, no data exist to demonstrate
that the immune statis of the pet is enhanced.

3. The National Association of State Public Health Veterinarians
recommendation is for vaccination of dogs and cats for rabies at four
months, one year later, and then every three years subsequently. This
recommendation has been proven effective in 33 States in the United
States.

The recommendation of blood tests for antibody titers on dogs and
cats in order to determine if re-administration of vaccine is
indicated is fraud by misrepresentation, misrepresentation by
silence, and undue influence given the literature that states:

1. The duration of immunity to infectious disease agents is
controlled by memory cells, B & T lymphocytes. Once programmed,
memory cells persist for life. The presence of memory cells is not
taken into effect when testing for antibody titers.

2. Even in the absence of an antibody titer, memory cells are
capable of mounting an adequate immune response in an immunized
patient. A negative titer does not indicate lack of immunity, or the
ability of a vaccine to significantly enhance the immune status of a
patient.

3. A positive titer has not been demonstrated by challenge
studies to indicate immunity.

4. The client is paying for a test when a Veterinarian can make
no claims about the test results.

5. It has been proven that the re-administration of modified
live vaccines has no effect, and that duration of immunity is 7 years
or more.

A reasonable client would not elect this test if given this
information.

I have brought these deceptive trade practices to the attention of
this Board by writing six letters to the board, and appearing before
the Board at three Board meetings. The Board members have
demonstrated, by the questions that they have asked me, that they are
uniformed on these issues, that they have not read the literature
that I have sent to support my assertions, and that they have not
read the letters I have written. On every occasion the Board members
have refused to take any action on these matters.

The Board has also ignored my request to deny approval of Continuing
Education credit for seminars on Vaccination of Companion Animals
provided by Pfizer Animal Health drug company which are fraudulent by
omission of material facts, a conflict of interest, and thereby
influence Veterinarians to continue deceptive trade practice in the
marketing of vaccines.

The people of the State of Texas have paid over $360 million dollars
per year for vaccinations that are unnecessary and potentially
harmful to their pets. Over 600,000 pets suffer every year from
adverse reactions to unnecessary vaccinations. Many of them die.

A survey by the American Animal Hospital Association shows that less
than 7% of Veterinarians have updated their vaccination
recommendations, in spite of the fact that these new recommendations
have been published twice in every major Veterinary Medical Journal
since 1995.

Given that it is the compact of this Board with the State of Texas to
protect the people of Texas, and whereby it is provided in the Texas
Administrative Code Title 22, Part 24, Chapter 577, Subchapter B,
Rule 577.16: Responsibilities of the Board (a) The Texas Board of
Veterinary Medical Examiners is responsible for establishing policies
and promulgating rules to establish and maintain a high standard of
integrity, skills, and practice in the profession of Veterinary
medicine in accordance with the Veterinary Licensing Act, I hereby
assert that the Texas State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners
must take demonstrated and thorough action to stop the deceptive
trade practices and fraud in the marketing of vaccinations for
companion animals.

A reasonable solution would be for the Texas State Board of
Veterinary Medical Examiners to request an opinion from the Attorney
General on these issues, and for the Texas State Board to issue a
policy statement in the Board Notes indicating a Board policy
prohibiting each of the practices I have outlined above.

An alternative solution would be to notify every Veterinarian engaged
in companion animal practice in this state of the complaint that has
been filed against them, and prosecute each and every complaint.

If demonstrated and thorough action to stop the deceptive trade
practices has not been taken by this Board within ninety days of
receipt of this letter I will file a class action suit against the
Texas State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners on behalf of the
people of Texas, for negligence in the execution of their
responsibilities, and I will request a Court order to instruct the
Board to perform their duties.

Sincerely,

Dr. Robert L Rogers

The above statements are true and accurate to the best of my knowledge.
